no I didn't have nicknames for so long
in my career an invasive gold I am going
to embrace I would think you would
embrace something like and looking at
you it really is remarkable I mean you
just never get out thank you you never
dip below a ten do you I'm trying how's
it going how's everything good good I
have no complaints man you were you
working today shoot television I was I'm
shooting my new show nine-one-one Lone
Star and I play a first responder
fireman but you know there's so many
fires right on here right right now the
only half of the real firemen who work
with us were you know doing the real
jobs wait a minute there was still half
with you playing fireman pretending to
be firemen I think I just got some
people in try Yeah right you know it's
one thing and to be an actor is kind of
a funny thing if you really boil it down
because you're wearing like a costume
and oh playing dress-up I can't fake do
so much stuff mm-hmm
like I trained you know to be a fireman
so like if your house if I were to
dinner party at your house right and
there were fire in the kitchen yeah I
could almost help quick let me get in
makeup I'll be right back there's the
pretty light these guys that you or men
and women I'm not sure what you have on
your set there that you train with so
they're really out there no they light
rain with the LAFD and they're all I
mean the men and women who do that or I
mean it is Hilda crazy what they go
tected your own property you you it's
impossible to have the kind of the
proper appreciation for I think I have
it and they haven't even done that with
mine but I feel like I have it once they
came to my house because my pizza oven
was making too much smoke but even that
I was I am so impressed that they go and
do this stuff because it seems terrible
it's it's a but they love their jobs
they do their jobs more than anything
and to play one of them and to try to do
them justice is it's fun I would imagine
yeah right
yeah do you ever wear the outfit out
around called the turnouts Jimmy oh the
turnouts oh yes there's a techno see I
not an outfit huh oh it's not a
fireman's outfit that's what the Village
People wear well you know what say what
you want but to this day there's never
been a fire in the village that's right
the people are very safe yes you know
Arnold Schwarzenegger was here the other
I heard he was here it was a very fun
and he made quite an impression on all
of us has yes and I was talking to him
about his new son-in-law Chris Pratt
married his daughter Katherine and then
I learned today that you are very
involved with all of these people and in
fact had the rehearsal dinner for Chris
and Kathryn at your house I did and it
was great and Arnold was you know he was
fantastic Arnold's great with parties
and and and all about he's he's always
the life of the party yeah and have
Chris and the folders awesome because
you know we go back to Parks and Rec you
worked on Parks and Rec together and
then you're like a family friend of the
of the Schwarzenegger zazz well yeah you
know Maria Shriver is my wife's best
friend and and so am i my boys all know
them so it's true like it's it's the
second family so one of the questions is
Arnold was were you at Chris Pratt's
bachelor party and he said no because
his bachelor party was super weird and
he even described a couple of things
like half a it was weird about I said
there were sheep at the party
so you weren't at the party I was not
okay either bachelor party by the way
but I will tell you that Arnold has
never had a party and I've been to many
of them that did not involve animals
what animals have you personally seen at
one of Arnold's parties the last one was
an alligator in the pool there have been
monkeys the man has a miniature horse
that lives in the house yeah he
mentioned that yeah he's got a pony
no it's coming over to eat some of the
bacon tonight
it's a big meeting horse no Arnold and I
work out together you do yeah we work
we've worked out together is that
intimidating or work out well I'm lucky
because I've worked out with the Mount
Rushmore of work out I worked got was
sly ok Stallone yeah and and Arnold both
well that's only two that's not a rut
Mount Rushmore that's in my my Rushmore
they're only two people Jack LaLanne is
the third he would have been the third
yeah what about Lou Ferrigno he may be
on that he would he would have been but
bit Arnold would say he doesn't belong
and I mean our Isaac yes he's very
competitive right maybe Jackie did allow
but abut sly was great because in the
end this was a we used to work out the
same gym in the 80s he was training for
Rambo the second one remember when he
got just yoked yeah huge huge yeah and
and he would give great advice he was
like you know this is you uh oh you got
a word buddies your ads hey you biceps
cuz that's all everybody looks at really
you think it's true that guys when guys
meet other guys like if the abs are good
and the biceps are good like oh yeah
that guy's Jack any other Anatomy uh-huh
did you listen to that did you take that
advice are you kidding when the great
speak to me Jimmy hi listen I'll respond
yes I do know that about Arnold's last
party um there was a rhesus monkey and
and sly was there and and so I had new
advice for me Oh what was it because in
the 80s it was absent a very much into
book forums no oh it's for arms have now
been added because you ruin your dress
showing up in your object huh that is so
amazing
yeah think about it I'm thinking about
the monkey right now it's hard to Rocky
and our monkey rocky fights a monkey
that would be a great next movie it I
like it we'll talk about that spiritual
break Rob Lowe is with us holiday in the
wild
the orphans mm-hmm when they're old
enough
we'll start mingling with the wild bird
mmm man they might start staying out for
one or two nights at a time like a
sleepover yeah pretty much like that
chuma over there who's been wandering
off one night she's just gonna decide
she's not coming home and from that time
on she'll be a wild open again but don't
you get sad when they leave be used to
determine to live in a while you play I
love this a safari pilot it's all about
the Hat Jimmy the Hat has its own
billing the pilot wear the hat while
he's flying the plane
I may or may not wear it when I fly the
plane I see okay it's a treaty this
movie is like the movie where you go oh
and you cuddle up with somebody and if
you have a great night you watch what
the kids really is sweet oh it's a
family because it looks like a romantic
comedy yeah and then when the kids go to
bed you watch the Joker that's the way
that's really what that's how it goes
yeah oh you've got your the safari pilot
and then Kristin Davis plays the the New
York socialite who becomes enamored with
animal rescue and decides to change her
life it's all shot in Africa we all of
the elephants that are in the sunlight
down at the Orange County Zoo right now
at Arnold's house you didn't shoot it or
harmed in this move that's good but it
is kind of diabolical it's like okay
let's make a romantic comedy we'll get
two very attractive lead actors and oh I
know it'll really draw people in baby
elephants yeah look the Netflix people
are not screwing right it's like they've
figured out some weird form an algorithm
yeah an algorithm that's within us and
they've identified and they pay and it
works you just those little animals are
so cute and it's great sort of message
about animal conservation and it's just
it's just it's a very sweet lovely
little movie you are you still doing
your one-man show I am no I'm playing
November 9th and
okay around in town the fires will have
subsided by November night that would be
what it's really this I tore it around
the country is right I've seen your
billboard in Las Vegas no hold of a
billboard in Vegas it is cool to have a
billboard in Vegas I feel like Sammy
Davis even you look at it the billboard
in Vegas and you're like oh that's cool
it makes me feel cool 100% I do really
cuz I would think the mirror would be
enough for you I want to show one thing
if you don't mind talking about this
because this is crazy to me
so start this tell a little bit of this
story and then I'll show you what's a
tad convoluted I'll pride myself on my
storytelling skills all right yeah the
facts are convoluted this will be a
great test for people to decide whether
or not they want to go to the one-man
show oh geez in thousand oh they want to
brave the smoke but I think this is a
pretty great so III go into a the local
surf shop in Malibu as I do not a lot
but every once in a while and the guy
who runs it says hey I have something
for you I was in a flea market in
Ventura and saw this and I bought it
thinking you would I would see you at
some point and this is what it was it is
my skateboard from the sixth grade and
you wrote your name on it that I wrote
my name on it and and I've been reunited
we I I haven't seen that since 1975 wow
how much did he sell it to you for no
news rice II gave it Jamie do you think
what's he sure that it was yours because
anybody could have written Rob Lowe on
their escape yes because he knew me
growing up he knew he recognized the
board oh wow yeah and so what did I mean
this is crazy to come into con had you
in like you sold it at a flea market I
don't think honestly I hadn't even
remembered losing it it's you know
there's one of the things you forget
about it so you actually see you go I
don't know raised to play with that yeah
right what happened to that yeah
sometimes I'll do that with shirts I
look at the old picture to go that shirt
yeah usually you're glad usually it
means my wife had thrown it had given it
away but so that's interesting yeah that
he would find something now what did you
do with it I have it next to a
skateboard that Zac Efron made for me
really yes I'm this is my money this is
what couldn't crazy-good
what goes on in my house so I have
Marcus Allen's Super Bowl MVP game ball
okay I have the the skateboard that Zac
Efron made for me and then I have that
euros that's in my TV room you actually
have these things on display it's a
little bit my life is like Mad Libs
uh-huh yeah do you I mean it like you
just put words and before adjectives
there yes yeah and your wife allows this
type of material to be display only in
the TV I see that's your that's my area
oh my gosh well it's great to see you
Rob Lowe is movies called holiday in the
wild it's available starting Friday on
Netflix Thank You Rob we'll be right
back I am Jimmy Kimmel I hope you
enjoyed that video hit subscribe and all
your dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos